---
author: bee
created_utc: 2022-06-04
published_utc: 2022-06-04
---

# Decred SM metrics 2022-06

Welcome to another recap of Decred's social media performance! Here I go through ~95 accounts and report any interesting activity.

I finally made my "full" monthly snapshot after slacking off for ~4 months. Someone asked me if anything stands out and I couldn't resist to sum up a bunch of boring numbers once again. No pretty tables this time, sorry about that.

Most notes are from running through Jun 1 snapshot compared to Feb 1, 2022.

- CoinMarketCap wachers +6K (+12%) since Feb. Whatever this number means, NGU is good.

- Discord is going up and down, slightly trending up. New user inflow is almost balanced by outflow and periodic purges. Still have not reached the ATH 2,670 users of 2020-02-02.

- Facebook accs are almost idle. `decredproject` broke 4K followers. `Decredcash` is still alive and manages to grow bit by bit, +28 followers since Nov while `decredproject` got +38 in same time. For those who know where `Decredcash` comes from, this should be a surprise (or not?). `Decred-Arabia` grows slow but steady, +46 (15%) followers since Feb.

- Gab exploded from 10 to 13 followers in 2022. Not winning that platform just yet.

- On GitHub, `btcsuite/btcd` is growing slow & steady, +78 (+5%) forks since Feb. `btcwallet` forks are growing half that speed. `dcrd` is +5 forks since Feb, `dcrwallet` +6, `dcrdex` +14 (27%). Other repos are not changing much.

- On Instagram, `decred_es` is gaining followers without posting anything, +44 since Jan. `decredbr` is growing _slower_ but posting more, 18 posts since Feb. `decredproject` is gaining and losing a few followers each month.

- I can't get LinkedIn numbers since December and not sure if anyone is monitoring that account. For the little amount of noise we heard from it, it showed a nice growth previously, adding 10-20 followers/mo.

- Matrix is growing as usual but I was surprised to see 300+ users in the DCR DEX room (`#dex:decred.org`). `#general` got +58 (9%) since Feb. Announcements room (`#dcr:decred.org`) got +17 (24%, to 92) since Feb. Even with all our mentions it is hard to grow.

- Mediums accs are not growing. `Decred` has 1,378 followers. `_Checkmatey_` and `permabullnino` do grow a bit despite not posting recently.

- Reddit barely gained a 100 followers in 2022, it feels like its slowing down.

- Telegram: `DCRann` gained +25 (15%, to 197) followers since Feb. It almost didn't grow at all between Jun and Oct 2021, good to see it "break out". All ann channels are interesting since they reflect how many people want to follow big Decred news. General `Decred` acc lost 200 (6%) users since Feb. Regional accs are declining or not growing at best. Notably, `DecredES` is fading since the funding was cut. `decredbr` is declining as well. `decred_cn` was wiped (it had 448 users in Feb) and recreated, only 8 users on Jun 1.

- My impression is that Telegram is the least censored popular platform, so any presence there is valuable.

- On Twitter, several accounts are bleeding followers (that's normal), and, surprisingly, likes (cast by the account, not received likes) and tweets. Some by a little, some by a lot. Just a few picks to demonstrate, between Feb and Jun: `DecredArabia` -100 likes, `Decred_CA` -330 likes and -40 tweets, `Decred_ES` -53 likes -3 tweets, `Decred_ITA` -60 likes -8 tweets (esp. suspicious since this acc is inactive), `Decred_News` -100 likes -11 tweets, `Decred_africa` -18 likes -16 tweets (another dead acc), `RichardRed0x` -60 likes, `decreddrive` -60 likes, `decredexplorer` -50 likes. This _may_ have been a result of a few popular Decred accounts getting cleaned up or removed by their owners, with a corresponding loss in likes and tweets in accounts retweeting them. Or, Twitter is doing some shady content erosion.

- Among the growing Twitter accs, since Feb `DecredSociety` +22% followers (to 690), likely thanks to his active posting (400 twees). `exitusdcr` got +86 (13%) followers. `Decred_BR`, barely active in 2nd half of 2021, woke up and made 200 tweets since Feb (to 1,065), though did not gain much followers. `_Checkmatey_` is killing it as usual, although not tweeting much about DCR. `michae2xl` made 1K+ tweets and +80 (6%) followers, although latest tweets seem to be about ZEC (I did not scroll much).

- `decredproject` got +3.2K (6%) since Feb. Notably, it lost 400 followers since May 2.

- [`pi_crumbs`](https://twitter.com/pi_crumbs) is a great service for Twitter folks to stay on top of Politeia and not miss a single vote. It is still maintained, but only 221 pro Decredders enjoy this VIP service. Follow it, like, subscribe, hit the bell, smash all buttons, and force your friends to do the same. _(This reads like an ad... Your ad may be here too.)_

- [`planetdecred`](https://twitter.com/planetdecred) stands by its "The most modest crypto account ever" status, with 191 follower and 36 tweets over its 3.5 year life. Since Feb it made 3 tweets and gained 14 followers. Dear PD folks, if you read this, there is a huge potential to better inform the community about your products.

- Some nice person is still posting in [`decred_project`](https://vk.com/decred_project) VK account, although it's still slowly bleeding followers.

- Decred's main [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/decredchannel) is not growing subscribers since ~Aug 2021 despite releaseing 25 awesome videos. Something is not working there. At least we manage to retain existing subscribers.

- In other news, I made some upgrades to `tsu` (time series utility) and the [data subrepo](https://github.com/decredcommunity/social-media-stats/commit/00baf38) to prepare for new features I need to do things faster.. If this broke anyone please do get in touch.

That's all for now. Any feedback is welcome in [#research:decred.org](https://chat.decred.org/#/room/#research:decred.org).
